DOCS 3384: Kubernetes section reorg (#13688)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/configuration.md

| `DD_SITE`            | Destination site for your metrics, traces, and logs. Your `DD_SITE` is {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true">}}. Defaults to `datadoghq.com`.                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `DD_DD_URL`          | Optional setting to override the URL for metric submission.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `DD_CHECK_RUNNERS`   | The Agent runs all checks concurrently by default (default value = `4` runners). To run the checks sequentially, set the value to `1`. If you need to run a high number of checks (or slow checks) the `collector-queue` component might fall behind and fail the healthcheck. You can increase the number of runners to run checks in parallel. |

> | `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` | If multiple Agent are running in your cluster, set this variable to `true` to avoid the duplication of event collection.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` | If multiple instances of the Agent are running in your cluster, set this variable to `true` to avoid the duplication of event collection.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```
```suggestion
| `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` | If multiple Agent are running in your cluster, set this variable to `true` to avoid the duplication of event collection.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> | `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` | If multiple Agent are running in your cluster, set this variable to `true` to avoid the duplication of event collection.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` | If multiple instances of the Agent are running in your cluster, set this variable to `true` to avoid the duplication of event collection.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

|---------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DD_APM_ENABLED`                | Enable [trace collection][4] with the Trace Agent.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `DD_LOGS_ENABLED`               | Enable [log collection][5] with the Logs Agent.                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED`      | Enable [live process collection][6] with the Process Agent. The [live container view][8] is already enabled by default if the Docker socket is available. If set to `false`, the [live process collection][6] and the [live container view][8] are disabled. |

> | `DD_COLLECT_KUBERNETES_EVENTS ` | Enable event collection with the Agent. If you are running multiple Agent in your cluster, set `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` to `true` as well.                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_COLLECT_KUBERNETES_EVENTS ` | Enable event collection with the Agent. If you are running multiple instances of the Agent in your cluster, set `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` to `true` as well.                                                                                                                       |
```
```suggestion
| `DD_COLLECT_KUBERNETES_EVENTS ` | Enable event collection with the Agent. If you are running multiple Agent in your cluster, set `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` to `true` as well.                                                                                                                       |
```

> | `DD_COLLECT_KUBERNETES_EVENTS ` | Enable event collection with the Agent. If you are running multiple Agent in your cluster, set `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` to `true` as well.                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_COLLECT_KUBERNETES_EVENTS ` | Enable event collection with the Agent. If you are running multiple instances of the Agent in your cluster, set `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` to `true` as well.                                                                                                                       |
```
```suggestion
| `DD_COLLECT_KUBERNETES_EVENTS ` | Enable event collection with the Agent. If you are running multiple Agent in your cluster, set `DD_LEADER_ELECTION` to `true` as well.                                                                                                                       |
```

> To enable the Live Container view, make sure you are running the process agent in addition to setting DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Live Container view, make sure you are running the Process Agent in addition to setting DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED to `true`.
```
```suggestion
To enable the Live Container view, make sure you are running the process agent in addition to setting DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED to `true`.
```

> To enable the Live Container view, make sure you are running the process agent in addition to setting DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Live Container view, make sure you are running the Process Agent in addition to setting DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED to `true`.
```
```suggestion
To enable the Live Container view, make sure you are running the process agent in addition to setting DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED to `true`.
```

| Env Variable                     | Description                                                                                                                                                |
|----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC` | Listen to DogStatsD packets from other containers (required to send custom metrics).                                                                       |
| `DD_HISTOGRAM_PERCENTILES`       | The histogram percentiles to compute (separated by spaces). The default is `0.95`.                                                                         |
| `DD_HISTOGRAM_AGGREGATES`        | The histogram aggregates to compute (separated by spaces). The default is "max median avg count".                                                          |
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_SOCKET`            | Path to the Unix socket to listen to. Must be in a `rw` mounted volume.                                                                                    |

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION`  | Enable container detection and tagging for unix socket metrics.                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION`  | Enable container detection and tagging for Unix socket metrics.                                                                                            |
```
```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION`  | Enable container detection and tagging for unix socket metrics.                                                                                            |
```

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION`  | Enable container detection and tagging for unix socket metrics.                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION`  | Enable container detection and tagging for Unix socket metrics.                                                                                            |
```
```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION`  | Enable container detection and tagging for unix socket metrics.                                                                                            |
```

| `DD_DOGSTATSD_TAGS`              | Additional tags to append to all metrics, events, and service checks received by this DogStatsD server, for example: `"env:golden group:retrievers"`. |

Learn more about [DogStatsD over Unix Domain Sockets][10].

### Tagging

Datadog automatically collects common tags from Kubernetes. To extract even more tags, use the following options:

| Env Variable                            | Description             |
|-----------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| `DD_KUBERNETES_POD_LABELS_AS_TAGS`      | Extract pod labels      |
| `DD_KUBERNETES_POD_ANNOTATIONS_AS_TAGS` | Extract pod annotations |

See the [Kubernetes Tag Extraction][11] documentation to learn more.

### Using secret files

> Integration credentials can be stored in Docker or Kubernetes secrets and used in Autodiscovery templates. For more information, see the [Secrets Management documentation][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration credentials can be stored in Docker or Kubernetes secrets and used in Autodiscovery templates. For more information, see [Secrets Management][12].
```
```suggestion
Integration credentials can be stored in Docker or Kubernetes secrets and used in Autodiscovery templates. For more information, see the [Secrets Management documentation][12].
```

> Integration credentials can be stored in Docker or Kubernetes secrets and used in Autodiscovery templates. For more information, see the [Secrets Management documentation][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration credentials can be stored in Docker or Kubernetes secrets and used in Autodiscovery templates. For more information, see [Secrets Management][12].
```
```suggestion
Integration credentials can be stored in Docker or Kubernetes secrets and used in Autodiscovery templates. For more information, see the [Secrets Management documentation][12].
```

### Ignore containers

> Exclude containers from logs collection, metrics collection, and Autodiscovery. Datadog excludes Kubernetes and OpenShift `pause` containers by default. These allowlists and blocklists apply to Autodiscovery only; traces and DogStatsD are not affected. The value for these environment variables support regular expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exclude containers from logs collection, metrics collection, and Autodiscovery. Datadog excludes Kubernetes and OpenShift `pause` containers by default. These allowlists and blocklists apply to Autodiscovery only; traces and DogStatsD are not affected. These environment variables support regular expressions in their values.
```
```suggestion
Exclude containers from logs collection, metrics collection, and Autodiscovery. Datadog excludes Kubernetes and OpenShift `pause` containers by default. These allowlists and blocklists apply to Autodiscovery only; traces and DogStatsD are not affected. The value for these environment variables support regular expressions.
```

> Exclude containers from logs collection, metrics collection, and Autodiscovery. Datadog excludes Kubernetes and OpenShift `pause` containers by default. These allowlists and blocklists apply to Autodiscovery only; traces and DogStatsD are not affected. The value for these environment variables support regular expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exclude containers from logs collection, metrics collection, and Autodiscovery. Datadog excludes Kubernetes and OpenShift `pause` containers by default. These allowlists and blocklists apply to Autodiscovery only; traces and DogStatsD are not affected. These environment variables support regular expressions in their values.
```
```suggestion
Exclude containers from logs collection, metrics collection, and Autodiscovery. Datadog excludes Kubernetes and OpenShift `pause` containers by default. These allowlists and blocklists apply to Autodiscovery only; traces and DogStatsD are not affected. The value for these environment variables support regular expressions.
```

| `DD_CLUSTER_NAME`                   | Set a custom Kubernetes cluster identifier to avoid host alias collisions. The cluster name can be up to 40 characters with the following restrictions: Lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens only. Must start with a letter. Must end with a number or a letter. |

You can add extra listeners and config providers using the `DD_EXTRA_LISTENERS` and `DD_EXTRA_CONFIG_PROVIDERS` environment variables. They are added in addition to the variables defined in the `listeners` and `config_providers` section of the `datadog.yaml` configuration file.

[1]: /agent/
[2]: /agent/cluster_agent/
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/containers
[4]: /infrastructure/livecontainers/?tab=helm#configuration
[5]: /agent/kubernetes/integrations/
[6]: https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/datadog#all-configuration-options
[7]: /agent/kubernetes/operator_configuration
[8]: /agent/proxy/#agent-v6
[9]: /developers/dogstatsd/
[10]: /developers/dogstatsd/unix_socket/
[11]: /agent/kubernetes/tag/

> [12]: /security/agent/#secrets-management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[12]: /agent/guide/secrets-management/
```
```suggestion
[12]: /security/agent/#secrets-management
```

> [12]: /security/agent/#secrets-management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[12]: /agent/guide/secrets-management/
```
```suggestion
[12]: /security/agent/#secrets-management
```
